Update contributors quick start guide (#45133)
mistercrunch/Airflow: contributing-docs/03_contributors_quick_start.rst

.. code-block:: bash

  sudo apt-get update

>   sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io

Reviewer: The title of this section should change to  `2. Install Docker Engine, containerd`

Author: done

  git config core.autocrlf true

Setting up Breeze

> -----------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#################
```

Author: done

1. Starting breeze environment using ``breeze start-airflow`` starts Breeze environment with last configuration run(
   In this case python and backend will be picked up from last execution ``breeze --python 3.9 --backend postgres``)
   It also automatically starts webserver, backend and scheduler. It drops you in tmux with scheduler in bottom left
   and webserver in bottom right. Use ``[Ctrl + B] and Arrow keys`` to navigate.
   Keep in mind, you need ``pre-commit`` installed for this to work or you will be prompted with
   ``FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'pre-commit'``

>    when attempting to invoke ``breeze start-airflow``.

Reviewer: I think adding a link to how install pre-commit will be nice

Author: If you mean linking the `Configuring Pre-commit` section found below, than it breaks the flow.

Given pre-commit is required to run `breeze start-airflow` than the instructions on how to properly configure it should be before in my opinion. I suggest we move the `Configuring Pre-commit` section up then.

Reviewer 2: Yes. Agree.

Author: Done.

4. Stopping breeze

If Airflow was started with ``breeze start-airflow``:

.. code-block:: bash

  root@f3619b74c59a:/opt/airflow# stop_airflow
  breeze down

> If Airflow was started with ``breeze --python 3.9 --backend postgres``:

Reviewer: running breeze does not start airflow so I don't think this section is needed

Author: I tried renaming it like @potiuk  [suggested](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/45133#discussion_r1895800262), perhaps it is clearer now.

> If Airflow was started with ``breeze --python 3.9 --backend postgres``:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `breeze` was started with ``breeze --python 3.9 --backend postgres`` or similar:
```

> If Airflow was started with ``breeze --python 3.9 --backend postgres``:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `breeze` was started with ``breeze --python 3.9 --backend postgres`` or similar:
```

Author: Took @potiuk's suggestion.

  brew install libxml2

> 2. Installing pre-commit:

Reviewer: I think better remove this section of install pre-commit using uv and keep the upper section, to have a flow of how to install pre-commit properly

Reviewer 2: Yeah we should default to using `uv tool install` instead of `pipx` - it's an omission that we still have it here.

UPDATE: Ah no. We should keep both pipx and uv but @romsharon98 is right we should move the whole section up, instead of the one above.

Author: If I understood you correctly, done.
